procedures: Add readiness init container docs (#2139)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/assembly_enabling-readiness-init-containers.adoc

> :parent-context-of-assembly_enabling-readiness-init-containers: {context}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:parent-context-of-assembly_enabling-queue-init-containers: {context}
```

> [id="assembly_enabling-readiness-init-containers_{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="assembly_enabling-queue-init-containers_{context}"]
```

> = Enabling readiness init containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Enabling queue init containers
```

:context: assembly_enabling-startup-init-containers

> {prod-short} Operator installs {prod-short} and starts its containers in the right order. However, suppose a node with {prod-short} gets restarted. In that case, all {prod-short} containers start simultaneously, causing some containers to fail because of the dependent component that might not be ready yet. To handle such a case, enable readiness init containers for {prod-short} components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{prod-short} Operator installs {prod-short} and starts its containers in the right order. If a node with {prod-short} is restarted and all {prod-short} containers start simultaneously, some containers may fail because some other component they depend on is not ready. To avoid such failures, queue init containers queue the containers for {prod-short} components to start in the right order.
```

> To prevent this situation from happening, enable readiness init containers by following the procedure that matches the used installation method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queue init containers are not enabled by default. You can enable and disable them according to the installation method used to install {prod-short}:
```

> * xref:enabling-readiness-init-containers.adoc#enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-operator-installer_{context}[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:enabling-queue-init-containers.adoc#enabling-queue-init-containers-for-operator-installer_{context}[]
```

> * xref:enabling-readiness-init-containers.adoc#enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-olm-installer_{context}[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:enabling-queue-init-containers.adoc#enabling-queue-init-containers-for-olm-installer_{context}[]
```

> include::partial$proc_enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-operator-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::partial$proc_enabling-queue-init-containers-for-operator-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```

> include::partial$proc_enabling-readiness-init-containers-for-olm-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include::partial$proc_enabling-queue-init-containers-for-olm-installer.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
```
